Add function to extract intensity along coord (#6189)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/6189.feature.rst

> Add a function `sunpy.map.extract_along_coord` that, for a given coordinate,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a function `sunpy.map.extract_along_coord` that, for a given set of coordinates,
```
I think it makes more sense to talk about more than one coordinate here? (and adjust the other changelog lines appropriately)

> finds each array index that crosses that coordinate and returns the value of the data

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
finds each array index that crosses the line traced by those coordinates and returns the value of the data
```
